first of all i would like to raise the
question is
cheating bad yes or no i'm guessing
most people would say yes it is a bad
thing but what is a bad thing
was it bad when the roman empire
collapsed yeah it was probably pretty
bad for the roman people
but for everyone else who were being
conquered by the roman empire for
centuries
it was pretty good for them so when a
man cheats
is it bad well for the woman he's
cheating on
yeah is probably bad she's gonna be sad
and cry but for the guy
it's not really bad it's pretty exciting
and fun
so i first noticed my first white hair
i think it was last year and it really
shocked me
because before then i had never seen a
white hair
on my head before the whole reason why
men cheat is because it is
fun and exciting up until the point you
get caught
and then it is pretty bad because
everyone starts getting angry with you
now if a man gets caught cheating he
will do this
stupid act as if he's so sorry
and he feels so bad and he's guilty and
he won't ever do it again
and he regrets doing it he's just saying
that he doesn't mean
any of that and that's why these apology
videos
are so bad it's because they are not
genuine
they are insincere the guy is not
actually sorry he's just doing this act
because he wants people to like him
but i do feel like
i don't really want to show my face in
videos anymore because
i'm noticing my face
age and i don't like it and i'm worried
that people would start noticing
and then they'll start pointing it out
no one's really
pointed out yet in reality
he would do it again he's just sorry he
got caught and he probably had a
bloody good time imagine if we lived in
a society where it was perfectly
acceptable
to cheat and have a face imagine if we
lived in a society where
women did not get sad and upset if they
get cheated on
i'm pretty sure men would just go out
there and cheat as much as they would
love to
and even for some animals it's perfectly
normal for the male
to have multiple female partners and
the female partners don't start crying
about it
when the alpha gorilla male has like 10
females
in his pack do you think the females
will start crying about it because
the alpha male gorilla is not being
faithful to one
gorilla i look in the mirror and i think
that's me that's daniel
that's what i look like that's what i
identify as
and then to think that in 10 20 or 30
years time i'm going to look like a
different
version of daniel that's kind of weird
and to think that further ahead
i'm not even going to be alive anymore
and then everything i did and everything
i achieved everyone i met everything i
said
it's not really gonna matter because
i'm not gonna be around anymore
maybe the things i did and said and
achieved would remain
in the memory of people who knew me but
i couldn't really care less about that
because at the end of the day
i'm not going to be around so i don't
really feel like
anything else would matter if cheating
is such a bad and terrible thing
then why do men do it so often and to
answer that question
we have to ask a new question what is
the meaning of life
what is the number one most important
thing
us life forms us creatures us living
beings
have to carry out and that is to
reproduce to find a partner and
reproduce
when people ask me so daniel what do you
want to be when you grow up
i would just answer i don't know i
didn't
want to think about it i didn't even
couldn't even imagine growing up and
doing
something like a job or career i thought
i'd just
stay at home playing video games for the
rest of my life and
i guess i did manage to do that i mean i
am 31 and what did i do today
stayed at home all day and i played
video games
[Music]
foreign
um
is
now some may argue that there's more to
life than just making babies
we have art and we have poetry and we
have painting and we're supposed to find
spiritual meaning and fulfillment in
life
and make the planet a better place
foreign
[Music]
and if you're one of those people who
think oh i don't need to have children
it's not important then i'm sorry to say
this but you are probably
mentally ill because it's not normal to
not want to have children
if the entire species thought like that
then would be extinct so that brings us
back to the question
why do men cheat and why do they enjoy
it
well it's simple really they are driven
by a biological urge
that is ingrained in their dna since the
beginning of mankind
hundreds of thousands of years ago
usually when a man is caught
cheating everyone points their finger at
them calls them a terrible human being
when actually whose fault is it that he
cheated in the first place
maybe it was his girl's fault for not
being able to satisfy him
[Music]
only considering
foreign
[Music]
so
foreign